

Every SHAPE is made up of a number of BLOCKS
  each block is 5x5 pixels wide (a micro:bit)
  to enable smooth downward scrolling, 4 frames out of every 5 blocks will be rendered on 2 micro:bits
  from the perspective of the shape, the location of each block is important:
  
  Consider what would happen if the shape below were travelling DOWN the screen.  
  Assume already fully on-screen and located snugly in micro:bits (so at frame 0).
  The shape is about to move to the next position, frame 0...
  
                            *         (row 1)
                            ***
                              *
  
  Firstly note that the shape will now run over 4 rows in the next frame
  
  ROW 3:  The single block will FADE IN to the first row of the micro:bit below its current position
          The pixels from the block above (in row 2) will fade into the micro:bit this block is leaving
          SO - the fade out of block in row 3 and the fade in in the block in row 2 will cancel each other out.

  ROW 2:  The first block will fade in to the first row below.
          Similar to row 3 - as the first block fades out, so the block above fades in.
          The second block will fade in to the row below, and fade out of the row above.
          The third block will fade out of the row above (see row 3)
          
  ROW 3:  This block will only be seen to fade out
  
Clearly the LOCATION of the block in the shape determines its visual behaviour ito fading in / out
Therefore when we dfeine our shapes (in terms of the blocks that make them up) we also need to define the TYPEs of blocks
The real complication is the additional row... which we handle thusly.

Consider our shape above again... it can be represented thusly:

                            299
                            322
                            OO3
                            99O
                            
  THIS is how we represent it in code:
  - each integer above represents a differrent type of block
  - each shape has 1 more row that it would appear to have
  - block types are defined below
 

DEFINITION OF EACH DIFFERENT BLOCK TYPE

blockType = 1:  Internal block.
                Fading is never applied.

blockType = 2:  Top block
                Only ever fades OUT
                ALWAYS sits on top of another block.
                As it scrolls down the Top block fades into the block below, cancelling the fade out of that block
                Block below is always shown on a full micro:bit screen.

blockType = 3:  Bottom block 
                Only ever fades IN
                Sits BELOW another block which 'cancels' out the fade out
                Block above is always shown on a full micro:bit screen.

blockType = 4:  Top and bottom block
                Fades in an out simultaneously

blockType = 5:  Blank BUFFER block 
                An empty block within the defined rectangle of the shape.
                This block is the block that a block above WILL MOVE INTO as it moves down.
                So, at frame 0 it is blank, BUT IT FILLS IN as animation frame increases to 5
                THESE blocks are used for vertical collision detection.
                THEY ARE KEY - do not confuse them with proper blank blocks
                
blockType = 9:  A blank block.  Just a blank... always render with a full blank.
                Index = 9 (rather than zero) so we don't have to worry about leading zeros (shapes stored as integers)
                
